[DOC] Add advisory MFA section to hosting guide. (#12891)
Scille/parsec-cloud: docs/hosting/administration/mfa.rst

.. Parsec Cloud (https://parsec.cloud) Copyright (c) BUSL-1.1 2016-present Scille SAS

.. _doc_hosting_mfa:

> Parsec provides :abbr: `MFA (Multiple Factor Authentication)`, using a primary protection (password, keyring, etc.) coupled with a :abbr:`TOTP (Time-based One-Time Password)`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Parsec also supports :abbr: `MFA (Multi-Factor Authentication)` 
via :abbr:`TOTP (Time-based One-Time Password)` codes. 
This is in addition to the primary protection (password, keyring, etc.)
```

Advisory MFA

> ============

Reviewer: Advisory is not specific to mfa

```suggestion
Authentication advisories
=========================
```

> When starting a server, recommended authentication methods can be setup as in the example bellow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When starting the server, the recommended authentication methods can be specified as shown in the example below.
```

> .. code-block::

Reviewer: nit
```suggestion
.. code-block:: console
```

>     $ python -m parsec run [...] --advisory-device-file-protection PASSWORD+TOTP  --advisory-device-file-protection PKI

Reviewer: Split command for readablity

```suggestion
    # Recommend only PKI (SmartCard) and PASSWORD (with mandatory MFA)
    $ python -m parsec run [...] \
      --advisory-device-file-protection PASSWORD+TOTP  \
      --advisory-device-file-protection PKI
```

Possible values are :

- `PASSWORD`
- `PASSWORD+TOTP`
- `KEYRING`
- `KEYRING+TOTP`
- `PKI`
- `PKI+TOTP`
- `OPENBAO`
- `OPENBAO+TOTP`
- `ACCOUNT_VAULT`

> - `ACCOUNT_VAULT+TOTP`

Reviewer: Would not document these for the moment (account feature not available)
```suggestion
```
